The major concern while sharing data between end users is whether the shared data is fully secured during the sharing process. End users don’t want their private conversation to be known by the third person because it might have some highly secret data that is supposed to be confidential. For designing a financial cryptosystem, we need to ensure the security of one of the most perilous pieces of information. There are many cryptosystems designed to secure data, but the security of keys in the cryptosystem has always been a major concern for cryptographers. To resolve this issue, We have introduced the Advanced Onion Encryption Standard(AOES) algorithm, which is mainly made for providing high security to financial data. The main intuition behind developing this algorithm is that the key of encrypted transaction info is protected by multiple locks, i.e., multiple Encryption methods; the hacker will practically not be able to find the encryption key because it is hidden under multiple-level encryption.

This cryptosystem is designed to overcome the drawbacks of classic methods. The main issue with the most secure encryption method, AES, is that the key used in this algorithm is not secured while sharing, so our motive behind developing the AOES algorithm is to solve this issue. Here, we secure the key used in AES through two different encryption methods. Naming has been done based on the onion analogy, i.e., there are many layers of an onion, and digging through each is hard (almost impossible). The main goal is to make it impossible for cryptanalysts to crack the system, make it faster for the users, and make it easier to send bits of data without fear of data theft.
